update the timeout error (#12573)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/api_tests/http_tests.md

`TIMEOUT`
: The request couldn't be completed in a reasonable time. Two types of `TIMEOUT` can happen:

>   - `TIMEOUT: The request couldn’t be completed in a reasonable time.` indicates that the request duration hit the timeout defined in the test (default is set to 60s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `TIMEOUT: The request couldn’t be completed in a reasonable time.` indicates that the request duration hit the test defined timeout (default is set to 60s). 
```
Should we link to the API docs for increasing the timeout value?

Author: timeout for API tests is by default set to 60s and it is also the max value. Users can only reduce it.
looks like timeout are not in the docs. I'll add it too

>   Only completed subparts are displayed in the network waterfall. Meaning that in the case there is only the `Total response time` displayed, the timeout occurred during the DNS resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For each request only the completed stages for the request are displayed in the network waterfall. For example in the case of `Total response time` only being displayed, the timeout occurred during the DNS resolution.
```

Author: stages - that's the word
thank you!

>   - `TIMEOUT: Overall test execution couldn't be completed in a reasonable time.` indicates that the request and assertions duration hit the maximum duration that is set to 60.5s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `TIMEOUT: Overall test execution couldn't be completed in a reasonable time.` indicates that the request and assertions duration hit the maximum duration (60.5s).
```

`TIMEOUT`
: The request couldn't be completed in a reasonable time. Two types of `TIMEOUT` can happen:
  - `TIMEOUT: The request couldn’t be completed in a reasonable time.` indicates that the request duration hit the test defined timeout (default is set to 60s). 

>   For each request only the completed stages for the request are displayed in the network waterfall. For example in the case of `Total response time` only being displayed, the timeout occurred during the DNS resolution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For each request only the completed stages for the request are displayed in the network waterfall. For example, in the case of `Total response time` only being displayed, the timeout occurred during the DNS resolution.
```
